a peaceful picnic in the park a hike in
the woods a relaxing swim in the sea you
wouldn't expect unseen dangers to be
lurking around every corner but you
might want to keep an eye out for these
nasty little critters and never ever
touch them number one
geography cone no I'm not talking about
something that grows on a tree it's a
snail the sophisticated pattern of its
shell is valuable among collectors but
if you pick one up you could find
yourself being pierced with a
life-threatening ly toxic harpoon like
tooth that the snail shoots out in the
blink of an eye it's usually fish that
gets paralyzed by this sting so that the
snail can have some lunch but you'll
need to avoid it at all costs since an
antidote for it doesn't exist although
some of the compounds found in that
venom could potentially be used as
pharmaceuticals effective in treating
pain and even accelerating recovery from
nerve injury hmm
ironic number two Africanized be one of
the most widespread and aggressive
insects in the world was actually
created by humans originally an effort
to increase honey production this bee
hybrid experiment ended up going south
real quick as the insect was noted to be
especially defensive in 1957 after
accidental release from a bee yard in
Brazil swarms of the Africanized hybrid
spread out in crossbred with local
colonies in the late 70s the prospect of
their arrival in the US even inspired
several horror movies also called killer
bees they have a tendency to swarm and
are known to chase a perceived threat
down for over one mile Hey don't look
over your shoulder number three the
golden poison frog
this colorful creature lives in the rain
forests along Columbia's Pacific coast
for centuries indigenous people there
use this frog to hunt lacing the tips of
their arrows and blow darts in the
amphibians toxic secretions the coating
on the skin of just one frog is enough
to take down ten humans interestingly
enough scientists believe the frog may
obtain poison by eating a certain beetle
which means you could probably safely
touch one that was raised without his
natural food source but still if you see
a bright yellow frog just don't risk it
number four kissing bug now don't be
fooled by the name there is nothing
charming or romantic about these
bloodsuckers the kissing part comes from
the fact that they tend to feast on the
area around the mouth when the odors and
heat from a sleeping person's body guide
this nasty little vampire to its
midnight snack some people have a pretty
bad reaction to the insects saliva but
several cases result in a person
developing a serious condition called
Chagas disease this critter that's
pretty widespread in both North and
South America has been nicknamed the
assassin bug if that drives the point
home for you
number five puss moth this tiny winged
creature is generally found on trees and
plants in Florida and North Carolina at
first glance you might be thinking and
what's so scary about this fluffy little
cutie but beware that fluff is actually
a collection of hairs that can be pretty
irritating if you touch them add to that
the fact that they cover extremely
poisonous spines and you've got yourself
one dangerous little off
Don Hall and entomologist at the
University of Florida has this to say
the pain immediately and rapidly gets
worse after being stung and can even
make your bones hurt
yow number six Brazilian Wandering
Spider you know that typical situation
where someone is afraid of something
small like a mouse or insect and their
friend tries to calm them down by saying
it's more scared of you than you are of
it
well that rule doesn't apply to this
spider sure it might be afraid of you
but it'll go into defense attack mode if
it feels threatened in that case it'll
raise its fore front legs and what looks
like a come at me bro type of pose that
lack of fear and readiness to attack
combined with its wandering nature is
what makes this arachnid so dangerous in
search for shelter during the daytime
they can crawl into clothes boots plants
and boxes oh yeah and you can't forget
about that Venna
it can cause troubles breathing and loss
of muscle control there's no shame in
fearing what's been dubbed the world's
deadliest spider you're still having fun
number seven tt fly this winged beast is
about the same size as the common
housefly only its bite can be fatal
native to africa mostly in the
sub-saharan parts of the continent the
TT fly is most infamous not only for its
painful bite but also because of the
disease it carries this so-called
sleeping sickness disrupts a person's
sleep-wake cycle and comes with a whole
slew of symptoms that can be
life-threatening
if left untreated number eight Japanese
giant Hornet meet the largest Hornet
species in the world reaching about two
inches in length this flying terror
feeds on other insects like honeybees
other Hornets and preying mantises as
for the venom in its sting it
tax the nervous system damages tissues
and may induce an allergic reaction
unlike most bee and wasp species these
gargantuan Hornets don't lose their
stingers during an attack meaning they
can sting their victim repeatedly I'd
rather not imagine that number nine blue
ringed octopus the psychedelic coloring
of this itty-bitty pacific ocean dweller
can show how scared or disturb the
animal is by turning bright yellow with
flashing ly blue rings that's a warning
sign that you or a predator should keep
your fins off and swim in the opposite
direction although their bite is often
painless the powerful neurotoxin in it
is twelve hundred times more toxic than
cyanide
well it's only about five to eight
inches long one blue ringed octopus can
take down 26 adult humans within minutes
making it one of the world's most
venomous marine creatures number 10 the
Indian red scorpion native to Nepal
Pakistan and obviously India the Indian
Red Scorpion is one of the most feared
arachnids on the planet what's worse
they like to live near people and like
any other scorpion species it hunts at
night so most encounters with humans
happen at this time it's usually an
accidental rendezvous since the Scorpion
can creep into a bed or fall from a
ceiling nonetheless if a person happens
to roll over or step on it this creepy
crawly will see it as a blatant attack
and answer accordingly with that deadly
stinger sweet dreams
number 11 tarantula hawk it's not a bird
or a spider it's a wasp that hunts the
latter did you catch that last bit it's
a wasp that preys on tarantulas but it
doesn't eat its furry eight leg victim
now what it does is much more sinister a
female wasp uses its sting to paralyze a
tarantula before dragging it off to a
special nest where it lays a single egg
into the spiders abdomen
and then well I'm sure you get it the
larva feeds on the spider until it's
reached maturity and moves out of its
temporary housing and if you're not a
big fan of tarantulas to begin with then
maybe you'll pity them once you find out
how painful this wasp sting really is
entomologist dr. Justin Schmidt was
curious enough to find out for us all so
big thanks to him in 1983 he developed
the Schmidt sting pain index yeah to
measure the painfulness of different
stingers he described the sting of a
tarantula hawk as causing quote
immediate excruciating pain that simply
shuts down one's ability to do anything
except perhaps scream and quote the
tarantula hawk wasps nearly reached the
top of the list coming second only to
the infamous number 12 bullet ant it's
the largest of all ants in the world
with a bite that feels like a bullet
piercing the skin hence the name dr.
Schmidt described a sensation as waves
of burning throbbing all-consuming pain
that continues unabated for up to 24
hours that probably explains why it's
known to its native Nicaragua and
Paraguay as the 24-hour ant some local
tribes even used bullet ants in a
warrior initiation ritual hey I did it
so you have to also long and disturbing
story short it includes wearing a pair
of leaf gloves with hundreds of these
ants woven into them now don't want to
be a warrior that bad thanks anyways but
coming up so can you add any more tiny
terrorized errs to the list let
everybody know down in the comments and
if you learn something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
your friends but hey don't go anywhere
just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out
all you have to do is pick the left or
right video click on it and enjoy stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]